Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you today inquiring about a possible employment position. Indeed, I believe the work you
do at the Global Public Policy Institute falls within my interests. I have an academic background in Politics
and Government with a strong interest in research and questions of European governance.
I undertook my undergraduate studies in the Netherlands, at Leiden University College where I completed
a BSc in Governance, Economics and Development, and graduated Cum Laude. This course was created
around the study of four main ‘Global Challenges’ which heavily intersect with the global governance
topics which you research. During this course I developed different quantitative research skills such as
statistical analysis through R and spatial analysis and mapping with ArcGis. These skills were essential to
my research, which often produced reports on different themes within governance such as corruption,
poverty & socio-economic inequalities and population health. I then pursued my Master's degree in
Government & Politics at St. John’s University, Rome, which I obtained Summa Cum Laude. There I also
obtained a Certificate in International Law & Diplomacy. During my master’s I further developed my
theoretical knowledge in particular concerning human rights issues, European energy policies and socioeconomic concerns.
Most recently, I have completed a 10-week-full-time Data Science and Machine Learning bootcamp with
Le Wagon. This bootcamp has made me proficient in Python (I am comfortable using Pandas, BigQuery,
Numpy, Matplotlib, Scipy, Seaborn and Statsmodels), and SQL. The main packages that we used for Deep
learning were Sickit-learn and TensorFlow Keras. We also used data products such as Google Cloud
Platform and ML Flow.
I believe that this fluency in Data Science is essential to understanding the consequences of the use of new
technologies and thus giving accurate global governance advice in this sector. Combining both an
understanding of how these tools function behind the scenes as well as the institutional framework.
I think that a position at your institute would be an ideal opportunity for me to further my interest in global
governance while combining my knowledge in Data Science.
Thank you for your consideration,
Leah Rothschild
