To whom it may concern,
I am writing to you today in hope to be considered for the Lagrange Fellowship which you offer in
partnership with the CRT Foundation and the ISI Foundation, starting in April of 2023. I am extremely
interested in this opportunity as I believe that it perfectly combines my two centres of interest, namely, your
focus on ‘Data Science for Social Impact’ is an ideal which I share with your organisation. Furthermore,
your Fellowship would be extremely valuable to me in that it would allow me to progress with my own
goal which is to be able to use Data Science and Data Analytics within the field of European Policy
Research, producing public interest information.
I believe to qualify as an optimal candidate for this position. Throughout the course of my studies, I have
focused on governance and politics, especially through the lens of Global Challenges and Social Impact. I
undertook my undergraduate studies in the Netherlands, at Leiden University College where I completed a
BSc in Governance, Economics and Development, and graduated Cum Laude. During this time, I became
acquainted with quantitative research methods such as statistical analysis through R and spatial analysis
and mapping with ArcGis. These skills were essential to my research, which often produced reports on
different themes within governance such as corruption, poverty & socio-economic inequalities and
population health. I then pursued my Master's degree in Government & Politics at St. John’s University,
Rome, which I obtained summa cum laude. There I also obtained a Certificate in International Law &
Diplomacy. During my master’s I further developed my theoretical knowledge in particular concerning
human rights issues, European energy policies and socio-economic concerns.
Finally, I have recently completed a 10-week-full-time Data Science and Machine Learning bootcamp with
Le Wagon. This bootcamp has made me proficient in Python (I am comfortable using Pandas, BigQuery,
Numpy, Matplotlib, Scipy, Seaborn and Statsmodels), and SQL. The main packages that we used for Deep
learning were Sickit-learn and TensorFlow Keras. For NLP I performed a sentiment analysis using
Word2Vec. We also used data products such as Google Cloud Platform and ML Flow. Finally, as part of
my final project, using a CNN model, my team and I were able to predict urban heat islands in Paris and
Berlin using data on land use types, building height and density and topographical information.
I believe the fellowship you offer would be an ideal opportunity for me to further my skills and interests
in Data Science while combining my academic background in European governance focusing on Social
Impact.
