I am writing to apply for the summer school that you offer in “The European Union, the United Nations
and Global Governance” . As a recent graduate with a Bachelor’s degree in Governance, Economics and
Development from Leiden University College, where I graduated Cum Laude, and a Master’s degree in
Government and Politics, I am eager to further my knowledge in the field of European governance and
understanding of its complexities and challenges. I graduated Summa Cum Laude from my Master’s
program at St. John’s University in Rome, Italy, following a major in Development, Sustainability and
Resilience and a minor in Global Security Policy, and also received a Certificate in International Law and
Diplomacy. The topics which will be covered during the session are extremely salient and in line with my
interests, particularly in relation to climate change, human rights law and global security governance.
I believe that I have a strong academic background in order to fully benefit from the courses offered.
Indeed, throughout my studies, I have studied in-depth the European 2030 climate and energy framework
and how it is implemented through different EU institutions, as well as its embeddedness within the
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. Additionally, I have researched the EU’s
position and role within global security governance, as I believe this topic is crucial to any holistic
understanding of international security. I am curious to discover more about the EU’s response to the
COVID-19 pandemic and its lasting implications on European governance. I am also eager to learn more
about the topics which I have not yet studied extensively and further my knowledge of European
institutionalism in all sectors such as economics, rights and international trade.
The summer school that you offer is an incredible opportunity for me. I am particularly interested in the
European focus of the program and its relevance to the topics I have studied. As someone who is looking
for employment with European think tanks that focus on European governance, this program would help
me to further my knowledge in this sector.
I am extremely motivated and passionate about these topics having studied them for five years and
excelled academically. I am confident that my academic background, skills and passion make me a strong
candidate for the Leiden’s summer school in European Governance. I am eager to discuss these topics
with peers and professors alike.
Thank you for considering my application, I look forward to hearing from you.
Leah Rothschild
